well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
terrorism
what is it seriously right now right
your definition in the comment section
you probably don't know we've been at
war with terror for a decade and a half
don't know it's been to propagandize to
emotionalized people don't know what it
is anymore and go with the old Webster's
dictionary definition rule by terror
rule by violence it's not modern doesn't
make sense attacks on innocence well
that's just war it happens terrorism is
the unlawful use of violence or the
threat of violence to influence those
people beyond the immediate area of
attack to achieve a political religious
ideological or monetary goal that's what
terrorism is that's the best definition
the image it's a mouthful but each
clause is important unlawful terrorism
is the purview of the non-state actor
governments don't commit acts of
terrorism they war crimes genocide
ethnic cleansing oppression tyranny yeah
all of those things they commit but it's
not terrorism it's not terrorism
terrorism is the purview of the
non-state actor if you really start to
research into this you will find
something called state directed
terrorism that exists that is where a
militarily weak state uses a terrorist
group to achieve its goals
okay so to violence you the threat of
violence you don't actually have to
commit a crime or commit an act of
violence to employ terrorism mailing
white powdered somebody Melling flower
to somebody can be just as devastating
because of the belief of what it is
doesn't have to be actual violence then
to influence those people beyond the
immediate area of attack that's the part
that most people have a problem
understanding for Americans it's easy
what was the difference between Pearl
Harbor and the attack on the Pentagon on
9/11
one was terrorism one wasn't why Pearl
Harbor was a state actor it was Japan
Pentagon wasn't Pearl Harbor was
militarily effective the goal was to
take out the Pacific Fleet the goal of
the Pentagon attack was to send a
message nobody thought the attack on the
Pentagon was gonna seriously degrade the
u.s. warfighting effort was to send a
message and that's that's what it is
that's the critical part of terrorism
that's what differentiates it for most
other things to achieve a political
religious ideological or monetary goal
that's pretty much anything odds are one
of your heroes was a terrorist if you
look up to the founding fathers I've got
some bad news for you about the stuff
they did before Lexington terrorism is
not a slur it's a strategy why do people
use it what does it look like people use
it because it works it's worked for
thousands of years it's very predictable
what does it look like
when I was a kid on a playground in the
80s I was too old to actually play with
the swings and slide and stuff like that
but too too young to be going anywhere
else so me and my buddies we hung out at
this picnic table true to form in the
80s you know there was no anti-bullying
campaigns and parents weren't around
there was a bully on the playground two
cronies that's what the 80s was like it
was just part of going to the playground
was the bully so there's the
establishment the bully the two cronies
that's the homeland then you got the
Empire which is the playground and then
you got the person they're targeting and
normally they set the example with a
minority doesn't necessarily have to be
a role a racial minority just somebody
that's a little bit different in this
case the kid wore glasses that was it
and he suffered the brunt of their
bullying well one day he just had enough
now it wasn't that he had been
particularly picked on hard that day he
had just had enough he picks up this
rock and smashes the lead bully in the
face buses nose blacks his eye whole
nine yards and like the true insurgent
terrorists that he was this kid took off
and disappeared ran
didn't see him again for days he's at
home playing Atari might as well be
hiding in a cave in Afghanistan what
happens next because up until this point
everybody understands terrorism the next
phases of this are very predictable well
the establishment well now they're
worried they don't want anybody else to
get that idea so they pick on everybody
a little bit harder there's a clamp down
there's a security clampdown the lead
bully he's worried about being usurped
for me with that so he's got to worry
about the homeland so he makes sure to
kind of pick on them a little bit to
keep them in their place a little bit
harder than he used to
what's the next phase insurgency
those kids on the playground and they
did one day they all have enough they
gang up and they beat him up throw him
out of the Empire Empire collapses the
establishment retreats to the homeland
he hangs out at his house with his two
buddies that security clampdown though
that's still in effect that is still in
effect and eventually they get tired of
him curtailing them curtailing their
freedoms picking on them and they beat
him up revolution complete those kids
the two cronies they go back to the
playground regime change and for a while
everything's fine and they're friendly
and then eventually they start picking
on them again because that is the cycle
that's how terrorism works start to
finish and it is so predictable it
occurs on playgrounds so then that the
obvious question is well how do you
fight terrorism
none of the ways we tried after 9/11 the
most effective way militarily to do it
is the use of in-person assassinations
of competent leadership of terrorist
groups you leave the incompetent guys
you leave them alone because then the
organization still exists you don't get
splinter groups acts is a lightning rod
attracts all of the militants but
because they have poor leadership they
become combat ineffective they can't do
anything there's a whole bunch of groups
that have been neutralized in this
fashion that's what works drone strikes
against the leadership that cause ninety
percent collateral damage that just
creates more terrorists that just makes
people pick up arms invasions stuff like
this it just Foster's the insurgency and
eventually what happens is the
insurgency either wins or its grievances
get addressed by the new government and
we end up sitting down and talking to
them anyway so not militarily what can
you do
all of this stuff only works if the
audience those beyond the immediate area
of attack can identify in some way with
the terrorists in that case and that's
what's gonna have to happen anyway after
the insurgency why not just do that
ahead of time why not start off
identifying trying to talk about their
grievances because what you may find out
is that it's very easy to resolve or
what you may find out is that they don't
really have a firm grasp on it maybe
this is something that is beyond the
control of those people that are
targeting maybe it's just the way life
is or maybe it's an unseen enemy
somebody the terrorist isn't aware of a
force that the terrorist doesn't know
exists and in some cases the
establishment and the terrorists may
have the same opposition that same
unseen enemy
so reaching out before the attacks seems
preferable got a lot of feedback over
that insult video go back and watch it
again yeah we can continue to leave
these guys in isolation and leave them
in an echo chamber that is full of
hatred and violence and suicide we can
do that but then we don't get to be
surprised when there's another attack
because it's gonna happen so we can
address it now or address it later it's
that simple
now with the insults violence is not
actually ingrained in the ideology yet
it's not why Nazism you know violence is
part of that there's no way to talk to
them early and get them to stop with
this movement violence isn't widespread
yet it's isolated within a subsection of
this group so what can we do we just
write the rest of them off and let them
be influenced by this subsection or do
we bring them into the narrative bring
them to the table and actually start
trying to talk to them and address it
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night